Does anyone else find it odd that they don't teach about the world's first human
civilization in school?
The creators of so many things that we utilize all the time in our daily lives,
more than 6,000 years later, including, well,
the modern calendar that's right. The calendar based off of the lunar cycles,
originates from the Sumerians. Most people are not aware of this.
In fact,
when I say that they're the creators of things we utilize all the time in our
daily lives while I'm including time itself,
the 60 12 base counting system that's used for measuring hours, minutes,
and seconds,
which is also utilized in basic mathematics and geometry for measuring degrees
and angles minutes and seconds. In fact, the Sumerians are the,
of creators of the very first writing system altogether also referred to as cane
form, which was an advanced system that even utilized pictographs just as we use
today, symbols, to represent entire sentences in this video,
I'm gonna share with you many things that the Sumerians created.
In fact, even stories that originate from the most common religions on earth,
go right back to the sum. And most people have no idea,
but for some reason they're not even required testing or even learning by the
department of education. In fact,
if you go to any history textbook through high school,
you'll find only one to three sentences, total about the Sumerians,
which are usually included in other paragraphs on other topics,
such as the fact that they are the creators of wheel,
but it's the things that they somehow knew about that we can't explain that are
total mysteries. That'll also discuss in this video,
but if you're not familiar with the ancient Sumerians that come from the cradle
of civilization, Mesopotamia, the fertile Crescent itself,
and we weren't even aware of the Sumerians altogether until more than 150 years
ago upon the,
of a massive cache of clay and stone tablets in modern day, Iraq and real quick,
you can see here, they utilized cylinder seals to create these tablets,
but at the ancient library of usher, Bon Paul in modern day, Moul Iraq,
they found more than 30,000 of these tablets, many of which were broken.
And this is also the same location where they found these infamous wing,
some refer to them as the Aun or the sky gods.
And there's so much speculation and debate about these,
but this just happens to be the same site that I was at by some incredible
synchronicity during my deployment to Iraq in 2009, 2010. And by the way,
I still need to make a video about my Iraq experience.
A lot of people have asked for that and explain how I went from brainwash sheep
will,
who bought the lies to thinking for myself and my journey to awakening as I call
it. And I have a lot to say about it because that war was a massive scam,
a money generating fraud scam, and an incredible crime against humanity.
So look forward to that video in the future. But in these clay tablets,
we've learned so many different things that they had created,
not just or the wheel, as I mentioned earlier, but even the sailboat,
they even set the platform for modern agriculture through the invention of the
plow and even the seed sewing machine. In fact,
the Sumerians created the first sewer systems, canals and irrigation systems,
and they even mapped it out here.
This is a plaque showing advanced sewer systems and water channels for
agriculture and speaking of maps,
they created those all together and they utilized them to create advanced trade
routes. And they did this more than 3000 years prior to the silk road,
the infamous silk road,
which of course they who teach in school and they traveled more than 3000
kilometers or nearly 1900 miles all the way over to Pakistan.
And with these trade systems, it created an explosion of culture.
The Sumerians themselves are the very first to utilize jewelry makeup and
get this even beer,
these stone and clay tablets annotate more than 500 different recipes for beer
that's right. Craft beer comes from the Sumerians.
Another interesting fact is that they created instruments.
This stone tablet describes 23 different instruments,
which include various types of flutes, drums, tambourines, and even the harp.
You could even jokingly argue that they are the creators of entertainment
itself. I mean, look at this,
these tab here they are the first known conductors of wrestling or mixed martial
arts altogether. At least that's been annotated.
So what do they do with all this? The music, the booze, the makeup, the jewelry,
the beer. Well, look at this tablet right here. Yeah, yeah. <laugh> okay. Yeah,
you get what's going on there. And that's what almost 4,000 years ago,
drinking beer and engaging in, in other forms of entertainment altogether. Now,
like I mentioned earlier, the sums created the first writing system,
as well as the first schools and privileged individuals went there and learned
how to scribe themselves. And they just jumped right into it. In fact,
they're the creators of the very first contract altogether.
How hilarious is that? They didn't miss a beat with their trading systems.
And then me guess what this says, pay up or else.
But where this gets really interesting is that in these stone and clay tablets,
they give credit to all their knowledge, not to any king or inventor,
but they say that all the knowledge was given to them by other beings, the Aun,
which means from heaven to earth came and many people,
when they look at these various tablets,
they speculate that this is where ancient astronaut hypothesis came from.
And maybe you're familiar with Zacharia sitin.
Now this is a subject I have to make a video on altogether about the, an NAI,
my thoughts on Zacharia sitin and everything.
I I've looked into this quite a bit.
I know that there's a lot of speculation out there,
and I don't agree with everything that people have stated about these ancient
astronaut hypothesis. I mean,
you don't see me saying that the alien has created the pyramids,
but it is interesting that they give credit to others for everything.
They have all the knowledge. Now people think that that's of course,
symbolism for something else, angels, you know, the gods.
So let's discuss what the Samari said.
They knew about that was later determined to be correct.
Take the story of the great flood.
You may be familiar with that from more than 500 different civilizations,
across five continents around the world that science,
the most recent data proves actually did happen.
Core eye samples taken from Greenland and Antarctica.
And I've discussed this in other videos,
they illustrate that at the height of the last ice age,
the earth sea levels were 425 feet lower than today.
And over a few thousand years, it slowly rose,
but there's these huge spikes that happened that confirm that there were sudden
rapid and essentially incredible increases in the global sea levels.
So in other words, the Sumerians were right. The flood did happen.
And it's interesting that mainstream academics and scientists still referred to
it as a myth,
but what's even more interesting than the denial is the fact that the Sumerians
knew about this 6,000 years after the fact is when they were writing this stuff
down on the tablet. So it really makes you think, now look at this tablet here.
This is the one, this is very notable, the infamous solar system tablet. I mean,
just look at this for yourself. What do you see there? I mean,
how could they possibly have known about planets around the sun
6,000 years ago? I mean,
isn't that more than 5,000 years before Copernicus identified that planets
rotated around the sun in just the same period of time before even the first
telescope was invented.
Wouldn't you need a telescope to know that there was planets out there and not
to mention didn't everyone think that the earth was flat back then,
how did they know this stuff? And so just to clarify mainstream,
they will say that no, none of these are planets.
All of these are stars and there's even a website devoted to debunking Zacharia
CI in which is called, get this CI in is wrong.com.
And I took a look at this and the point that this guy had was that CI in didn't
even read the Cana form on the tablet itself.
And he describes that he ills traits what it stated in his PDF.
So I clicked on that.
And 14 pages basically discussed the fact that since this tablet doesn't say
anything about stars or planets, then yeah, it's just wrong altogether. I mean,
go, just look at this and think for yourself. I mean, what do you, what is that?
And this creates all kinds of other speculation because it's like, wait,
is there, are there a lot oven, planets? And so, okay. Is Pluto a planet?
Like gimme a break?
What a stupid discussion that is some scientists that wanna redefine things who
cares how far away it is or how small it is, like grow up.
But this raises other questions too, about the asteroid belt.
I've discussed this in other videos,
it's clearly that was a planet or a massive moon or something.
Something collided scientists will, it happened millions of years ago,
but they clearly don't have enough variables to make that conclusion. I mean,
you would need to know the size of these objects.
You'd need to know the direction as well as speed of the collision.
So they can't say how long ago that was. But when you look at these tablets,
is it possible that this could be communicating the so-called ninth planet that
they know exists? All the data proves that this ninth,
this massive knife planet four or five times the mass of earth itself was
creating a tilt and Neptune in Uranus. And that's how they discovered it. Well,
they haven't discovered it. They're looking for it.
It's obviously incredibly far away. And,
and my guess is that it probably has a completely different orbit altogether,
but they know it's out there.
And yet here's this tablet from 6,000 years that shows these things.
And by the way,
Zacharia CI is the one that was saying that there was another planet out there
and here it was ver validated 40 years later. That's interesting,
but these tablets contain other information as well.
Take a look at these tablets. And there are others that show seven stars,
seven planets, seven something, seven dots,
and many will say that this is just probably indicative of the platey star
system, seven stars. But I mean, why isn't it in the shape of it?
And what's interesting is that people that identify with the ancient astronaut
hypothesis is that, look, if you were coming,
if you were coming from someplace else, beings from another,
at visiting our solar system,
you would need to pass by seven planets to get to earth.
It's an interesting theory. And by the way,
look at this tablet that shows one of those wing bulls.
Here's something else also worth thinking about is that there's suggestive
evidence that the Sumerians somehow knew about the great year cycle.
The Earth's tilt and procession 25,920 year cycle.
And when you consider their awareness of the Zodiac and a few other factors with
their counting system,
you could make an argument that they somehow knew about this cycle. And I mean,
thousands of years before the mines figured that out, and that's a mystery,
you know, itself too, because we're talking one degree every 72 years.
And back then the lifespan was what half the age of what is today.
So to figure the, that out is beyond impressive and it's a mystery,
but to wrap this up, that's not forget. They knew about time, the calendar,
they created all these amazing things they knew about the flood six or 7,000
years after the fact they even knew. And by the way,
when going back to that religion, uh, comment that I made at the beginning,
this video, the story of Moses from the Bible is identical.
Literally I identical to king Sargon of a Cod from 4,000 years ago,
right out of the same region. So without a doubt,
I think there's a religious factor in preventing people from learning about this
information. I mean, isn't that fascinating? The story of creation,
the flood Moses, and a few other things come right out of ancient sum air,
and nobody knows about it.
They only teach us one to three sentences in school and they don't really teach
that. I mean,
I didn't know about the sums until watching documentaries later on in life.
So we have to start asking ourselves, why are these tablets being ignored?
And just to paint you a picture out of these tens of thousands of tablets,
most of which are not on display.
And they're literally gathering dust and the basements of various museums
throughout world. And to make it even worse.
Most of these tablets were only interpreted once by one person more than a
hundred years ago. So these things need to be revisited.
People need to look at them and the discussion needs to open up that clearly
they knew about things they weren't supposed to know about planets rotating
around the sun without, I mean,
5,000 years before telescope guys look at this stuff,
think for yourself a I'll wrap it up here. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight.
Like, can subscribe, let me a comment. Let me know what your thoughts are.
And I have many other videos to come and a whole wide variety of topics.